Rework RBAC upgrade.md (#4100)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/rbac/upgrade.md

> The RBAC framework new in JupyterHub 2.0. enables for the different degrees of permissions to be granted to tokens via scopes tied to roles. This, no doubt eliminates the distinction between OAuth and API tokens as was been used in previous versions - (see {ref}`oauth-vs-api-tokens-target` to learn more). As a result, the different database setup in the previous JupyterHub versions are merged into one and as such, all tokens that already exist and were created prior to the upgrade must be replaced because they are no longer compatible with the updated database.

Reviewer: You have deleted the title. Please don't delete titles.

Here is how it works- During the database upgrade, all existing tokens are deleted and the tokens loaded via the `jupyterhub_config.py` file are recreated with updated structure. But following the upgrade, any manually created or saved tokens must be manually reissued because they are not automatically created.

> **Please note that upgrading JupyterHub does not affect any database record**.

Reviewer: This is now incorrect in a very important way: it's any _other_ record. It definitely has huge changes in the database, as described above.

(rbac-upgrade-steps-target)=

## Upgrade steps

Let's take a look at the steps to follow when upgrading JupyterHub with RBAC framework.

> Step1. Stop **all running servers** before proceeding with the upgrade.

Reviewer: Starting lines with `1.` etc. is part of markdown. Let's not change that here, which will mean we don't get lists in the rendered docs.

Step2. To upgrade the Hub, follow the [Upgrading JupyterHub](../admin/upgrading.rst) instructions.

> ```{attention}

Reviewer: This needs to stay indented to fit in the list

We advise against defining any new roles in the `jupyterhub.config.py` file right after the upgrade is completed and JupyterHub restarted for the first time. This preserves the 'current' state of the Hub. You can define and assign new roles on any other following startup.
```

Step3. After restarting the Hub from `step2 above` **re-issue all tokens that were previously issued manually** (i.e., not through the `jupyterhub_config.py` file).

**Note** When the JupyterHub is restarted for the first time after the upgrade, all users, services and tokens stored in the database or re-loaded through the configuration file will be assigned their default role. Any newly added entities after that will be assigned their default role only if no other specific role is requested for them.

## Changing the permissions after the upgrade

Once all the {ref}`upgrade steps <rbac-upgrade-steps-target>` above are completed, the RBAC framework will be available for utilization. You can define new roles, modify default roles (apart from `admin`) and assign them to entities as described in the {ref}`define-role-target` section.

> To begin using RBAC, we advised the approach listed below:

Reviewer: Let's fix the verb tense while we're here:

```suggestion
To begin using RBAC, we advise the following approach:
```
